1. DHCP: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (Application layer): Automatically assign IPs in client server architecture
2. DNS: Domain Name system (Application layer): Naming system for service providers in a network. Maps domain names to IPs.
3. NAT device: NAT Network Address Translation (Internet layer): modifies IP headers by changing network addresses from one address space to another. So in a private network, every host will not have to change IP address when moved as public IPs remain unchanged (fixed for a router configured with NAT).
4. IP SEC: protocol for security in internte layer (data security includes auth, integrity, encryption, etc).
5. Proxy server: protects clients. Server communicates with proxy clients. Reverse proxy: protects servers. clients commmunicate with revrese proxy server.
6. Firewall: monitors traffic and blocks/allows traffic. A router can be configured to act as a firewall. Firewall ensures that packets only from a valid session pass. 
7. TLS: Application (HTTP) layer security: security in transit of data in the layer.
8. Load balancer: Tracks state of a session and directs traffic to one server out of a pool of servers.
9. (Ratt lo) iSCSI HBA: An iSCSI host bus adapter (more commonly, HBA) implements a hardware initiator. A typical HBA is packaged as a combination of a Gigabit (or 10 Gigabit) Ethernet network interface controller, some kind of TCP/IP offload engine (TOE) technology and a SCSI bus adapter, which is how it appears to the operating system.

"Typically, these are handled by filtering out the conflicted subnets from the routing tables and creating suitable entries in the Network Address Translation(NAT) appliance to hide the conflicted subnets.": basically create entries so that there is a distinction between the conflicting ones (possibly create a filter which directs to different sectors during routing).

9. Subnet mask:
10. BGP: 
11. ASN:


LIST OF PROBLEMS:

1. Detection of public IPs
2. WIS throwing out S_0
3. Merge is not detecting all overlaps in the graph at each step. Just considering one overlap per merge and then weight of wis is simply computed as weight of overlap.
4. WIS frozen graph cant be modified
5. Max no. is 175 not 350



64602
64128
65510
64202
22222
65221
65010